gh-105323: Update readline module to detect apple editline variant (#108665)
python/cpython: Doc/using/configure.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.3

.. cmdoption:: --with-readline=readline|editline

>    Desinate a backend library of the :mod:`readline` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Designate a backend library for the :mod:`readline` module.
```
